have yourself a merry little Christmas
[Music]
hi I'm Andre and I'm a black mare with a
special holiday review for you now I sit
in the past what I liked about the
Smurfs movie the first 15 minutes and I
said what I didn't like about the Smurfs
movie everything else which is why I got
kind of excited when I found out that
they had a Christmas special
now I actually saw the Christmas special
last year because it came as part of the
Smurfs blu-ray DVD set but it's been
airing lately on Cartoon Network so I
thought I would give it a review I'm
gonna tell you the good I'm gonna tell
you the bad and i'ma tell you the nerd
grouchy of course hates Christmas he
don't like it he'll be a part of it we
get these Smurfs of Christmas past
present and future to get him turned
himself around I think this is the first
time some animated property took the
story of Christmas Carol and made it
their own I have never seen this before
first the good The Smurfs at Christmas
Carol is made from the same animation
studio that made the Smurfs movie but it
is a completely animated film there's no
live-action there's no Neil Patrick
Harris
there's no New York traveling there's no
talks about someone having babies it's
just Smurfs thank you and the Smurfs had
done very well a hefty plays a bigger
part in this one because didn't seem
that much of him in the movie and I made
jokes about George Lopez being grouchy
Smurf but I actually kind of liked him
in this because I thought it was a
little bit more of the grouchy he does a
lot of the I hate than this once I was
like all right Lopez now I can accept
this as opposed to being like I'm George
Lopez why you crying Smurf now for the
bad like I said it is a Christmas carol
it's a story that's been done a lot of
times but I will say I think the Smurfs
did it well but if you're kind of done
with that story you're tired of seeing
specials doing that then you know this
is not gonna give you anything too
different but I love anything that gets
the special I have more against the
availability of the special the only way
that you can see the special is you have
to get the blu-ray DVD set where the
special comes with it and I think it's
only the blu-ray DVD set I don't think
it comes with a DVD I don't even think
it comes with a 3d version or you have
to catch it when it airs on Cartoon
Network I can't believe it they didn't
make this a single disc release I think
that someone should put out the Smurfs a
Christmas carol and his own thing so if
you just want the special and don't want
all this then you got it but of course
if you got kids and they're gonna want
to see the Smurfs I got a problem with
this whole thing anyway that's probably
why they're doing that they're like oh
you're gonna pay to get the Smurfs movie
and a DVD and a blue
six screens we Sony we got you now for
the nerdy this is the absolute best part
it's all CGI until grouchy gets visited
by the Smurfs of Christmas past present
and future the entire cartoon changes
from the CGI Smurfs that we saw in the
movie to the classic animated Smurfs
that we've seen in the 80s they got some
of the actual animators back from the
old Smurfs cartoon series and made sort
of like really cool homage to the 80s
worse it's amazing it's like we brought
the cartoon back from the dead and
luckily they weren't zombies or purple
yeah it was a genius way to do the
switchover with the Smurfs goes and it
just brought a lot of flashbacks and
memories of the de staël juh of waking
up a Saturday morning to watch the
Smurfs and it's a really good Smurfs
episode I could easily see this you know
well granted without the CGI obviously
but I could see this being an actual
Smurfs khartoum and I would have seen
back in the 80s it had the same feel of
it CGI Smurfs traditional animated
Smurfs
classic Smurfs story classic Christmas
story it's perfect you got to watch this
probably one of the best things that
come out of the resurgence of the Smurfs
lately good job down here from you do
you plan on seeing the Smurfs at
Christmas Carol or if you have seen it
already let me know what you think also
what is your favorite version of a
Christmas carol it could be a
traditional way that was used with
different actors it could be a cartoon
version
I've heard some Muppets atop of - what
is your favorite rendition of a
Christmas carol leave a comment or video
response happy holidays everybody I love
you like a play cousin I'm 85,000 Smurfs
chomp you know okay wait a minute no
there actually is one Smurf more dealer
than Smurfette I'm gonna change my
number five to vanity Smurf
are we making sexy Smurfs now well she
is voiced by Christina Ricci Oh
Christina Ricci